docs: update on the blackjack documentation to match refactor changes (#23885)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/app-examples/blackjack.mdx

- **State management:** In both games, state management is crucial. For Blackjack, this involves managing the player and dealer's hands and scores using React state hooks. In Coin Flip, the state is managed through Move structs like `HouseData`, which track the house's balance and other game-related details.

> - **Randomness and fair play:** Both games emphasize randomness for fairness. Both games use Sui's [on-chain randomness module](https://docs.sui.io/guides/developer/advanced/randomness-onchain), ensuring verifiable and truly random outcomes for every game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Randomness and fair play:** Both games emphasize randomness for fairness. Both games use Sui's [on-chain randomness module](/guides/developer/advanced/randomness-onchain.mdx), ensuring verifiable and truly random outcomes for every game.
```
